Privacy Policy

Introduction: This privacy policy sets out the manner in which Innate Technology collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, "User") of the QUIN app ("Service"). This privacy policy applies to the Service and all products and services offered by Innate Technology.
Personal Identification Information: We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our app, register on the app, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our app. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other information. Users may, however, visit our app anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain app-related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information: We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our app. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our app, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Use of Collected Information: Innate Technology may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our app.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information: Innate Technology discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Innate Technology's behalf or to provide services available at Innate Technology's app, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Innate Technology's app, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Innate Technology will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Innate Technology discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Innate Technology believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Innate Technology, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Innate Technology's app and have supplied your email address, Innate Technology may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Innate Technology and our products.
Use of Cookies: Innate Technology uses "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert them when cookies are being sent.
