The following terms of service apply to the use of the Quantum Wireless Networking app (the "Service"). By using the Service, you agree to be bound by
these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not use the Service.

Use of the Service. The Service is intended for use by businesses and organizations for the purpose of facilitating communication and collaboration among 
members. You agree to use the Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these terms.

Account Information. In order to use the Service, you may be required to create an account and provide certain information about yourself and your 
organization. You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information as required, and to keep this information up to date. You are responsible 
for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for all activities that occur under your account.

Proprietary Rights. The Service and its contents, including without limitation all data, text, graphics, logos, and images, are owned by or licensed to 
Quantum Wireless Networking and are protected by intellectual property laws, including without limitation copyright and trademark laws. You may not use the 
Service or its contents except as expressly permitted by these terms.

Disclaimers. The Service is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Quantum Wireless Networking makes no representations or warranties of any kind, 
express or implied, as to the operation of the Service or the information, content, materials, or products included on the Service. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, Quantum Wireless Networking and its affiliates, partners, licensors, and suppliers, disclaim all warranties, express or implied, 
including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

Limitation of Liability. In no event shall Quantum Wireless Networking or its affiliates, partners, licensors, or suppliers be liable for any damages 
arising from the use of the Service, including without limitation direct, indirect, incidental, special, and consequential damages, regardless of the cause
of the damages.

Termination. Quantum Wireless Networking may, in its sole discretion, at any time terminate or suspend your access to the Service, with or without notice 
and with or without cause.

Governing Law. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state in which the Service is provided, without giving 
effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

Changes to these Terms. Quantum Wireless Networking may make changes to these terms from time to time. Your continued use of the Service following the 
posting of changes to these terms constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
